                                                                          EXCELL   ASSIGNMENT  - 3




QUESTION 1. How and when to use the AutoSum command in excel?

ANSWER =
                 Whenever we need to sum a single range of cells, whether a column, row or several
                 adjacent columns or rows, we can have Excel AutoSum to automatically make an
                 appropriate SUM formula for us.

To use AutoSum in Excel, we need to follow these 3 easy steps:
    
1. Select a cell next to the numbers you want to sum:
                . To sum a column, select the cell immediately below the last value in the column.
                . To sum a row, select the cell to the right of the last number in the row.
 
2. Click the AutoSum button on either the Home or Formulas tab.
     A Sum formula appears in the selected cell, and a range of cells you're adding gets
     highlighted.

3. Press the Enter key to complete the formula. 




QUESTION 2. What is the shortcut key to perform AutoSum? 

ANSWWR = 
                 Pressing the Equal Sign key while holding the Alt key inserts a Sum formula in a selected
                 cells(s) exactly like pressing the AutoSum button on the ribbon does, and then you hit the
                 Enter key to complete the formula. 






QUESTION 3. How do you get rid of Formula that omits adjacent cells? 

 ANSWER=
                 1. Open Excel and then click on File.
                 2. Go to Options and then select Formulas.
                 3. Look for Error checking rules and uncheck Formulas which omit cells in a region.
                 4. Click OK. 





QUESTION 4. How do you select non-adjacent cells in Excel 2016? 

ANSWER=
                Holding the Ctrl key and selecting the cells is one of the best ways to select non
                adjacent cells in Excel.

               To select non-adjacent cells, first, we select a cell. Once we click on it, that becomes the
               active cell. By pressing and holding the Ctrl key, select the cells we want to select. We can
               either click on each cell or use the mouse and drag to select a range of cells. Once we have
               selected all the necessary cells, leave the Ctrl key. In this way, all the non-adjacent cells are
               selected.





QUESTION  5. What happens if you choose a column, hold down the Alt key and press the letters
                       O-C-W in quick succession? 

ANSWER=
                  The column width dialogue box opens allowing us to set the exact width of the column.
                  We can insert a value in the column width dialogue box for how wide we would like a
                  column to be. This is especially useful if we have several non-adjacent columns that we need
                  to be the same width. 





QUESTION 6. If you right-click on a row reference number and click on Insert, where will the row
                      be added?

 ANSWER=If we right-click on a row reference number and click on Insert, a new row is inserted
                  above the cell(s) we originally selected. 
                    








