                                      EXCELL ASSIGNMENT -4



QUESTION 1. To use the ribbon commands, what menu and grouping of       commands will you
                      find the Insert and Delete command?

ANSWER=

               To use the ribbon commands, the Insert and Delete command will be find under the
               HOME menu and CELLS grouping of commands.
     
              Insert - Button with Drop-Down. The button always inserts cells into the current selection,
                         shifting cells down. The drop-down contains the commands: Insert Cells, Insert Sheet Rows
                         and Insert Sheet Columns, Insert Sheet.
               
              Delete - Button with Drop-Down. The button always deletes the current selection shifting
                         cells up. The drop-down contains the commands: Delete Cells, Delete Sheet Rows, Delete
                         Sheet Columns and Delete Sheet.




QUESTION  2. If you set a row height or column width to 0 (zero), what happens to the row and
                       column?

ANSWER=
              If we set the row height to 0 (zero), Excel will hide the row.
              Just like rows, if we set the column width to 0 (zero), Excel will hide the column.





QUESTION  3. Is there a need to change the height and width in a cell? Why?

ANSWER=
          It is necessary to change width and height of a cell in excel to fit the data.
          Excel by default provide equal width and height with respect to columns and rows.
          Whenever we enter a lengthy data, few characters will get displayed and other will be
          present inside the cell but will be hidden to the user. It is necessary to change the rows and
          column’s height and width to have a good presentation in excel. Few other cells width and
          height needs to be reduced so that it represents a smaller amount of data such as Gender
          which accepts ‘F’ or ‘M’.





QUESTION 4. What is the keyboard shortcut to unhide rows?

ANSWER=
              To unhide rows, we make a selection that spans hidden rows, and use the following
              shortcut key: Ctrl + Shift + 9.




QUESTION 5. How to hide rows containing blank cells?

ANSWER=
               To hide rows that contain any blank cells, we proceed with these steps:
            
                      1. Select the range that contains empty cells we want to hide.
                      2. On the Home tab, in the Editing group, click Find & Select > Go To Special.
                      3. In the Go To Special dialog box, select the Blanks radio button, and click OK. This will
                         select all empty cells in the range.
                     4. Press Ctrl + 9 to hide the corresponding rows.






QUESTION 6. What are the steps to hide the duplicate values using conditional formatting in
                      excel?
ANSWER=
               1. Select the range you want to hide duplicates.
               2. Then click Conditional Formatting > Highlight Cells Rules > Duplicate Values under
                   Home tab.
              3.  In the Duplicate Values dialog box, select Custom Format in the values with dropdown
                   list, and then click the OK button.
              4.  In the Format Cells dialog box, go to the Font tab, and in the Color drop-down list,
                  choose a font color which matches the background color of your selected range cell. And
                  finally click the OK button.
              5. When it returns to the Duplicate Values dialog box, click the OK button.
                  Now all duplicate records in selected columns are hidden immediately
