                        EXCELL  ASSIGNMENT -5




QUESTION 1 . How many types of conditions are available in conditional formatting on Excel?


1.Cell Value:
                   Format cells based on their specific values or ranges of values.

2.Data Bars:
                   Represent data in cells using horizontal bars. The length of the bar corresponds to the cell's value.
           
3.Color Scales:
                    Apply a color gradient to cells based on their values. This helps visually highlight high and low values.
              
4. Icon Sets:
                    Use icons (such as arrows, shapes, or other symbols) to represent data ranges.
                
5.Top/Bottom Rules:
                       Format the top or bottom percentage, number, or percentile of values in a range.
                       
6.Text that Contains:
                        Format cells based on whether they contain specific text.
 
7.Duplicate Values:
                      Highlight cells with duplicate or unique values in a range.

8.Date Occurring:
                    Format cells based on a specified date criterion, such as this week, next week, last month, etc.

9.Formula:
                 Create custom formatting rules using formulas.

10.Blanks:
                Highlight cells that are blank or contain errors.








QUESTION 2.  How to insert border in Excel with Format Cells dialog?

ANSWER=
                The Format Cells dialog is the most effective method of adding borders in Excel. It gives us easy
                access to all the settings including the line color and thickness as well as a nice diagram preview.
              
                Following are the steps to insert a border via the Format Cells dialog:
                                . Select one or more cells to which we'd like to add borders.
                                . Open the Format Cells dialog box by pressing Ctrl+1.
                                . In the Format Cells dialog box, switch to the Border tab and choose the line style and color first.
               And then, either use Presets to add the outside or inside borders or construct the desired border by
               selecting individual elements such as border top, bottom, right or left. The preview diagram will
               reflect the changes immediately.
             .When done, click OK.





QUESTION 3. How to Format Numbers as Currency in Excel?
ANSWER=

              Step 1: Select the range of cells that we want to Format.
              Step 2: Go to Home tab >> Number group >> Click on the down arrow in the Number Format box.
              Step 3: Now, Click on the Currency option from the given list.
              We will see that the currency symbol ( ₹ ) has appeared just before the first digit in the cell
              and the decimal points are aligned.
. Shortcut key for formatting numbers as currency is Ctrl+Shift+4.







QUESTION 4.  What are the steps to format numbers in Excel with the Percent style?

ANSWER=
            To apply the percentage number format to a number, first select the number(s), then use any
            of these methods:
               . Use the keyboard shortcut Control + Shift + Enter
               . Select "Percentage" from the dropdown on the home tab of the ribbon
               . Click the % button in the Number section on the home tab of the ribbon
               . Control + 1 > Number > Percentage





QUESTION 5.  What is a shortcut to merge two or more cells in excel?
ANSWER=
              a) Select the number of cells we want to merge.
              b) Now press the shortcut key ALT + H + M + M.






QUESTION 6. How do you use text commands in Excel?
ANSWER=
             TEXT function is used to convert a value to text in a specific number format.
           . Syntax: =TEXT(value, format_text)

           Where,
             . Value is the numerical value that we need to convert to text
             . Format_text is the format we want to apply
           TEXT function is basically used to modify a date format in Excel. In the first argument, we have to
           input the date value or the cell reference of a date. Then we can define a proper date format by
           our own customization

        . suppose   we have  23-5-2029 inside  cell A1
           . now, when we write  in the  formula bar     =TEXT(A1,"d mmmm,yyyy")  sellicting cell  B1
           . then we will get answer in cell B1 as  23 may, 2029 